# Innoendo I.T. Solutions hands on exam

## Instructions

Select at least one task, or finish it all based on the corresponding filenames. Every tasks has it's own difficulty and will measure the skill of the applicant. Good luck!

1. Fork the repository and clone the forked repo to your local
2. Share the link to the instructor and show your solution

## Basic multiplication without using multiplication operators: (multiplication.js)

Division in context when finding the quotient is a result of repeated subtractions, for example 'x' divided by 'a' is equal to:

```
x - a - a - a - a - a = 0
x - 5a = 0 -> simplified
therefore the result is equal to 5.
```

similar with multiplication, create a function that will calculate the product without using the multiplication operator, anything multiplied to 0 should return 0

##### example:

```
multiply(5, 2) // 10
multiply(5, 0) // 0
```

Fibonacci Series (fibonacci.js)
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
`1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...`

### Bonus:

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

##### example:

```
fibFirstOf(10)
[1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89]
```

## Roman Numeral: (roman_numerals.js)

Roman numeral, any of the symbols used in a system of numerical notation based on the ancient Roman system. The symbols are I, V, X, L, C, D, and M, standing respectively for 1, 5, 10, 50, 100, 500, and 1,000 in the Hindu-Arabic numeral system. A symbol placed after another of equal or greater value adds its value; e.g., II = 2 and LX = 60. A symbol placed before one of greater value subtracts its value; e.g., IV = 4, XL = 40, and CD = 400. A bar placed over a number multiplies its value by 1,000.

Create a function that will accept a number and return the roman numeral equivalent, please see link for reference https://www.britannica.com/topic/Roman-numeral

##### example:

```
romanize(17) // XVII
```
